that's the elephant it's not Frank but a
25 year old bull called quite LL David
was with him only three days ago it's
one of our very well known elephant he
seemed to have really struggled before
he died but this tusk is what tells you
that he was trying to hold himself
because you can see where the tusk was
before so that's where when he was
standing he just came down came down
like that O'Leary and his stop there
Indian with a did the elephant his
Colquitt LL yep there's no trace of the
poachers so Ian and Frank are coming
into land okay copy
last year up here in Sunbury the
poaching has gone down through the
extraordinary efforts of
conservationists who are working hand in
hand and in June last year 19 poachers
turned themselves in they switch sides
and they joined the security forces and
I thought I really thought that we've
cracked it but there's a new gang is
coming on they're just killing elephants
again and in this last month alone we've
lost 8 elephants one of them were a
family of five they've all gone down
together
poaching doesn't just affect the
elephants it affects everyone in the
reserve
the Samburu people live in harmony with
elephants and for Bernard this
connection runs deep these elephants
they're like my friends you know when I
see them I feel very happy because it's
like I've seen my friends and and how
they behave because they are highly
intelligent animals elephants are very
special in Samburu culture we have
legends and totems especially about
elephants the some Buddhists believe
that elephants are closely related to
human beings and one of the reasons is
the elephant's eyelashes look like human
beings the human life and most
importantly is the intelligence of the
elephants when I get the news that
southern elephant the sky
I know exactly we're talking about I
will pick up green leaves or grass and I
place it on top of the elephant and that
symbolizes life
since he first alerted the world to
poaching ian has continued to campaign
against the illegal ivory trade what
we've just seen is the death of a young
bull elephant at a time when we thought
we got past the worst so there's a real
wake-up hole the question is whether it
gets to the point that death exceeds
birth because if it is you've reached a
tipping point and elephants are now on
the way down
you